Miss Gao, I have arranged a banquet at Tiansong
Reward Miss Gao and Mr. Xu
Healed my wife
reward
Didn't Xu Wenjie steal Mr. Fan's secret recipe?
It's all a misunderstanding
The banquet starts at 6:00
I'll be waiting for you at Tian Song Restaurant
Mr. Gao is so nervous
Who is it? It's a miss.
You invited me.
Mr. Gao, after you divorced that trash
It really took off.
You are even invited to the banquet to try your hand
Lan Lan, what did you say?
The archer invites you to the party
Oh, our Gao family is getting more and more powerful
Right?
Archer Division Shooting Invitation Wu and Xu Wenjie
Hmph, invite that trash to go
He will only add to the mess
Ah, the mayor invited you?
Thank you for inviting that trash by the way
Yeah, maybe.
The shooter doesn't know you and that trash yet
Already divorced
Mom is right.
If only this white-eyed wolf
I won't even look at you when I try it out.
Secretary
You hurry up and call that trash to stop going
Xu Wenjie shoots flames with bare hands, don't go
Avoid an eyesore
This party can't happen without me